DOCSP-40540: Get started (#13)
mongodb/docs-cpp: source/get-started/create-a-connection-string.txt

and how to behave while connected.

The connection string includes the hostname or IP address and 
port of your deployment, the authentication mechanism, user credentials 
when applicable, and connection options.

.. TODO: link to instructions on connecting to local deployment in Connection guide

.. procedure::
   :style: connected

   .. step:: Find your MongoDB Atlas Connection String

      To retrieve your connection string for the deployment that
      you created in the :ref:`previous step <cpp-quick-start-create-deployment>`,
      log in to your Atlas account and navigate to the
      :guilabel:`Database` section and click the :guilabel:`Connect` button
      for your new deployment.

      .. figure:: /includes/figures/atlas_connection_select_cluster.png
         :alt: The connect button in the clusters section of the Atlas UI

      Proceed to the :guilabel:`Connect your application` section and select
      "C++" from the :guilabel:`Driver` selection menu and the version
      that best matches the version you installed from the :guilabel:`Version`
      selection menu.

      Select the :guilabel:`Password (SCRAM)` authentication mechanism.
      

>       Deselect the :guilabel:`Include full driver code example` to view
>       the connection string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Deselect the :guilabel:`Include full driver code example` option to view
      only the connection string.
```

   .. step:: Copy your Connection String

      Click the button on the right of the connection string to copy it
      to your clipboard, as shown in the following screenshot:

      .. figure:: /includes/figures/atlas_connection_copy_string_cpp.png
         :alt: The copy button next to the connection string in the Atlas UI

   .. step:: Update the Placeholders

>       Paste this connection string into a a file in your preferred text editor
>       and replace the ``<username>`` and ``<password>`` placeholders with
>       your database user's username and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Paste this connection string into a file in your preferred text editor
      and replace the ``<username>`` and ``<password>`` placeholders with
      your database user's username and password.
```

      
      Save this file to a safe location for use in the next step.

> After completing these steps, you have a connection string that
> contains your database username and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing these steps, you have a connection string that
corresponds to your Atlas cluster.
```
